README.md, before:

# Sky Betting & Gaming Technical Test

## Introduction

Welcome to the Sky Betting & Gaming Technical Test!

We hope that you find this exercise fun. There are no trick questions; we want to see your solution to a simple problem with well thought-out and well structured code.


## The Brief

The aim of this exercise is to create a server-side form handler in the language of your choice, to load and save data from our supplied HTML form.

The main functionality required is a simple update capability against the existing records. Other CRUD functions could be added if you have time. In order to validate this functionality, you should include an appropriate level of test coverage.

For a datastore, your application should just read from and write to a file on disk, rather than use a relational/noSQL solution.

We leave it to you to decide how to transmit the data between the client and the server. Any client-side code should maintain the same principles as the server-side code.

You should use engineering best practices where appropriate. Principles we value include: security, performance, readability, testability, scalability, simplicity. You should also aim to achieve a clean separation of concerns between components of your solution; using the MVC pattern, for example.

## The Deliverable

* A bundled/archived repository showing your commit history. You could fork this repo in git, but any VCS is fine. Git example:

        git bundle create <yourname>.bundle --all --branches

* A covering note explaining the technology choices you have made.
* Any instructions required to run your solution and tests in a Linux environment.

## The Markup

An example of the initial HTML form is [provided in this repository](markup.html).

Commit message:

how to setup the app and tech used

README.md, after:

## Any instructions required to run your solution and tests in a Linux environment.

Install Ruby
Install Rails
Install homebrew
Install rbenv via homebrew
Navigate to the solution root using the command line
Run bundle install
Run the seed data using rake db:setup
Run rake db:migrate
Finally run rails s
Open the up in your broswer on the default port 3000 (http://localhost:3000)

## A covering note explaining the technology choices you have made.

My app is mainly built using Ruby on the Rails framework. Both the language and the framework encapsulated security, performance, readability, testability, scalability, simplicity. Also made it easier to implement my MVC logic.

Wrote client code that send pre-designed objects as a POST request

Jquery ensured we didn't refresh our page

Prepared an endpoint through the routes.rb to receive JSON from the client side

Rails served HTML to web browsers and JSON to API requests from the same controller action, making it possible to power my SPI web app.
